Software Developer
Software Developer

UK based - hybrid (preference given to those based in the local Beeston area)



This is Worldline

Worldline is a payments technology partner in the UK rail sector, supplying ticketing and payment-processing services to rail operators and retailers, and enabling contactless and digital payments across the network. Just as we help our customers accelerate their business, we are committed to helping our people accelerate their careers. Together, we shape the evolution.





The Opportunity

We are looking for an experienced .NET 8 back end Software Developer to join our innovative DevOps team. Full stack developers are welcome to apply, but they should be aware that our focus will be on scalable and secure RESTful APIs for the UK Transport Retail market.



The ideal candidate will have a strong background in cloud services, particularly AWS, and demonstrable experience of the .NET ecosystem.



You will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining scalable applications and solutions that align with our business objectives and enhance the user experience.



You will work as part of a hybrid team requiring three days per week in our Beeston (Nottingham) office during school term time.



Day-to-Day Responsibilities​

Design, develop, and deploy serverless applications using AWS services such as Cognito, API Gateway, DynamoDB, and Lambda
Collaborate with product managers, solution architects, and other stakeholders to gather requirements and translate them into technical specifications
Implement CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps to automate deployments and streamline the development workflow
Utilize Terraform for infrastructure as code (IaC) to provision and manage cloud resources efficiently
Conduct code reviews and provide constructive feedback to peers to ensure code quality and best practices
Troubleshoot and debug applications to optimize performance and enhance functionality
Take part in Agile ceremonies (planning, review, retro).


Who Are We Looking For

We look for big thinkers. People who can drive positive change, step up and show what’s next – people with passion, can-do attitude and a hunger to learn and grow. In practice this means:



Experience with back-end API-first development (e.g. C#, ASP.NET Core) and knowledge of modern web development frameworks and libraries, along with solid experience delivering cloud-native solutions
Motivation and passion for leveraging technology to create innovative solutions that solve real-world problems and enhance user engagement
Ability to write clean, maintainable, and efficient code while embracing best practices in software development regarding testing etc.
You are comfortable operating in a cross-functional and distributed team i.e. remote code reviews and pair-coding
Excellent problem-solving and debugging skills that allow you to troubleshoot issues effectively and optimize application performance in a fast-paced environment
Confidence with DevOps principles, utilizing tools such as Azure DevOps for CI/CD and Terraform for infrastructure as code to streamline the development and deployment processes
You are familiar with distributed version control systems (Git); Open API integration (Swagger, Postman, cURL) and Access Management (OAuth2, JSON Web Tokens).


Perks & Benefits

At Worldline you’ll get the chance to be at the heart of the global payments technology industry and shape how the world pays and gets paid. On top of that, you will also:



Be part of a company guided by a strong purpose to do good and recognized as top 1% of the most sustainable companies in all sectors worldwide.
Work with inspiring colleagues and be empowered to learn, grow and accelerate your career.
Have 25 days holiday + 8 bank holidays (possibility to buy more days off through salary sacrifice)
Emergency time off: up to 5 paid days
Private medical insurance with AXA - you can add family member coverage through salary sacrifice
Doctor at Hand Service (online GP service) for online consultation
Pension scheme: Up to 10% matching via salary sacrifice
Income protection scheme: 67% of base salary for 5 years
Life Insurance: 1 x salary if not in a pension scheme, 4 x salary if joins the pension scheme
Access to discounts and cash backs on shopping


Shape the evolution



With the impeding creation of Great British Railways you will be joining us on an exciting journey towards the next 200 years of UK rail. The work will be challenging and varied, and a great opportunity to learn about the rail industry as well as keeping up to date with current technologies. We are committed to moving towards a true DevOps environment, and removing any barriers preventing developers from deploying to the cloud.



Here you’ll work with ambitious colleagues from around the world, take on unique challenges as a team, and make a real impact to society. With an empowering culture, strong technology and extensive training opportunities, we help you accelerate your career - wherever you decide to go.



Join our global team of 18,000 innovators and shape a tomorrow that is yours to own.



Learn more about life at Worldline at jobs.worldline.com



We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as an individual with a disability, or any applicable legally protected characteristics.



